Skip to main content Open main navigation Close main navigation Clarens 500 30th January - 1st February 2026. Clarens, Free State, South Africa.&nbsp; Start Your Gravalist Subscription To join a Gravalist event, start with a subscription to unlock everything you need—route files, registration access, and step-by-step guidance.&nbsp; Go to hub.gravalist.com now × Superior Inbound Material Quickly and efficiently build the materials you need to support your inbound marketing strategy. Drag and drop building blocks including testimonials, forms, calls-to-action, and more. Learn More Discover the untamed beauty of the Golden Gate Highlands National Park in South Africa with the Clarens 500. This unique event takes you through the enchanting landscapes surrounding Clarens and the hidden gem of Bethlehem between the sophisticated life of the city and the rustic charm of the countryside. Experience a route that winds its way over 500 kilometers, revealing the stunning back roads behind "The Golden Key," or as some call it, "The Golden Shadow" of the park. The Clarens 500 is not just a race; it’s a journey that challenges you to push beyond the ordinary. The route is exactly what you’d expect from a farm journey, offering solace and rugged beauty in equal measure. Here, you have the freedom to plan your supplies and decide whether you aim to complete the 24-hour challenge or take your time, stretching the adventure over three days. Choose your own pace, plan your rest stops, and embrace the mystery and allure of this remarkable landscapes. × Superior Inbound Material Quickly and efficiently build the materials you need to support your inbound marketing strategy. Drag and drop building blocks including testimonials, forms, calls-to-action, and more. Learn More Route "It was tough. But worth it. Amazing route" — Piet Laubscher. &nbsp; &nbsp; "Thank you for an amazing experience and route.&nbsp; Certainly not easy, but so rewarding would do it all again" &nbsp; — Sarah van Heerden.&nbsp; &nbsp; Read the Stories &nbsp; &nbsp; Watch the mini documentary on YouTube . Gravel Entry A feel for wheel selection Solace&nbsp; Golden Key UNSUPPORTED ULTRACYCLING GRAVEL BIKEPACKING 500km. Unsupported adventure. No aid stations, no route markings—just you and your bike. Follow the GPX route or make it your own. Choose your challenge: ride solo and chase the record or tour with friends before the cut-off. Read the Race Manual