Skip to main content Open main navigation Close main navigation Egoli 500 27th December 2025 . Joburg South, Gauteng, South Africa. × Superior Inbound Material Quickly and efficiently build the materials you need to support your inbound marketing strategy. Drag and drop building blocks including testimonials, forms, calls-to-action, and more. Learn More Once upon a time, amidst the vast South African landscape, there was a place known as the City of Gold. In the late 19th century, tales of adventure, exploration, and the pursuit of riches all came from the beautiful Johannesburg. The Egoli 500 is a bikepacking adventure that will take you across this stunning region, where adventurers have come to roam to find riches and create a legacy. We want to show you the best it has to offer on two wheels, from culture to industry, and immerse you in the rich history. This self-supported bikepacking event is designed to challenge you on many levels, mentally, physically, and spiritually. It’s going to push limits and send you on a journey of self-discovery that will open your mind and give you a better understanding of who you are and what you can do. The Egoli 500 is a hand-picked route from local experts. It's 500 km long, and the event is limited to only 13 participants. Some choose to race and be the first to finish, while others enjoy the journey over a long weekend. How you want to enjoy the kilometers is up to you, but after the start, it’s completely self-sufficient. So take your adventurous spirit and dare to dream. Find your fortune on the Egoli 500, travel in the tracks of many other adventurers, and embrace the journey through a beautiful region full of history and times past. Route Coming Soon × Superior Inbound Material Quickly and efficiently build the materials you need to support your inbound marketing strategy. Drag and drop building blocks including testimonials, forms, calls-to-action, and more. Learn More Join the Egoli 500 waiting list Tour it with Friends, or ride it solo Includes some trails Not just a ride, but an adventure Meet the locals Fund your limits. And more It's unsupported. But you'll find helpful locals Everything you need in one tiny bag. Bliss