Skip to main content Open main navigation Close main navigation UNSUPPORTED ULTRACYCLING GRAVEL BIKEPACKING 500km. This means no aid stations, no route markings. You get a route gpx file and you ride it your way. Two classifications. Solo, Groups/Touring. Try beat the solo record, or tour it before the cut-off.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; × Superior Inbound Material Quickly and efficiently build the materials you need to support your inbound marketing strategy. Drag and drop building blocks including testimonials, forms, calls-to-action, and more. Learn More × Superior Inbound Material Quickly and efficiently build the materials you need to support your inbound marketing strategy. Drag and drop building blocks including testimonials, forms, calls-to-action, and more. Learn More Riders Stories Through the challenges you faced during the ultra endurance experience, what was the most surprising discovery you made about yourself? left-quote Created with Sketch. "A little flask of whiskey and a cigar went with, so I could celebrate my 72nd birthday on Saturday, all by my lonesome self, on a rock, watching the sunset over Africa. A big thank you to the race organizers, it’s a spectacular route and definitely worth an honourable first place on every cyclist’s bucket list." Tim van Coller Finisher. 64 hours. 34 Mins left-quote Created with Sketch. When you are ready to quit you’ve only given 30%. Rule #5 is all you need (&amp; maybe some good nutrition 😅) Lance Williams Sedgefield 500 left-quote Created with Sketch. I’m a bit deep into this now for too much new self discovery but still found a little bit of new ability to set a goal and chase a plan, for 22hrs. Kevin 'Benky' Winner 2024 500km Gravel Bikepacking We’re on a mission to uncover the most unique 500km gravel ultra-bikepacking routes around the globe. There’s something magical about this distance: achievable in 24 hours for the bold, yet challenging enough to push riders to their limits over three days to make the cut-off. Each route is uniquely crafted, offering its own set of challenges and hazards that demand careful planning and preparation. From rugged landscapes to breathtaking vistas, every course presents a new adventure. View more GRAVALIST RACE MANUAL &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Read the Race Manual Start JOIN Now Start Your Subscription